README.md, before:

# Matey

This is a personal LLM UI built with [Nuxt 3](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/) and [LangChain](https://js.langchain.com/). It communicates with a local [Ollama](https://ollama.ai/) server to generate responses. Built with [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/fr/docs/latest/) into a desktop app.

## Setup

Make sure to install the dependencies with `PNPM` or whatever package manager you prefer:

```bash
pnpm install
```

Then, you will need to install [Ollama](https://ollama.ai/download) on your machine and run it with your model of choice using the command:

```bash
ollama run <model_name>
```

Then, you will need to create a `.env` file in the root of the project and add the following variables:

```bash
OLLAMA_MODEL=
OLLAMA_URL=
```

The `OLLAMA_MODEL` variable should hold the name of the model you are running with Ollama, e.g., `mistral`. The `OLLAMA_URL` variable should hold the URL of the Ollama server, which is `http://localhost:11434` by default.

## Development Server

Start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`:

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

## Build

Build the project for production:

```bash
pnpm run build
```

Checkout the `release` folder for the built app.

## Linting

Run the linter:

```bash
pnpm run lint
```

## Upcoming improvements

- Save chats in local DB

Commit message:

feat: query the ollama API to fetch available models and add a select in settings to pick the model to use

README.md, after:

# Matey

This is a personal LLM UI built with [Nuxt 3](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/) and [LangChain](https://js.langchain.com/). It communicates with a local [Ollama](https://ollama.ai/) server to generate responses. Built with [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/fr/docs/latest/) into a desktop app.

## Setup

Make sure to install the dependencies with `PNPM` or whatever package manager you prefer:

```bash
pnpm install
```

Then, you will need to install [Ollama](https://ollama.ai/download) on your machine and run it with your model of choice using the command:

```bash
ollama run <model_name>
```

Then, you will need to create a `.env` file (based on the `.env.example` file: `cp .env.example .env`) in the root of the project and add the following variables:

```bash
OLLAMA_URL=
```

The `OLLAMA_URL` variable should hold the URL of the Ollama server, which is `http://localhost:11434` by default.

## Development Server

Start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`:

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

## Build

Build the project for production:

```bash
pnpm run build
```

Checkout the `release` folder for the built app.

## Linting

Run the linter:

```bash
pnpm run lint
```

## Upcoming improvements

- Save chats in local DB
